Update Always
    UI Visibility
        Handles the GameUI component that marks which windows need to be visible
    Menu Button System
        Handles Button interaction for all states. Sends event to GameEvent to be handled
    Event Handler
        Handles all GameEvent, generally all which only occur sparsely ie placing / removing voxels, saving / loading a world.
    Audio Event Handler
        Handles AudioEvent, which handles all sound events sent by other systems. 

Loading Systems
    Loading
        Loads essential resources, sets the window, cursor settings, loads saved games, loads textures. 

Main Menu Systems
    Setup Main Menu
        Spawn the Main-Menu UI elements, interaction is handled in the global button system above. 
    Update Scroll Position
        Handles the scrollable list in the Load-Game menu currently, but can handle interaction with any scrollable list.

In-Game Systems
    Autosave System
        Handles the autosave implementation based on the Autosave timer
    Player Input System
        Handles player input and sends events to their respective event handlers. 
    Respawn System
        Handles player respawn should they exit the playable space vertically. 
    Raycast System
        Handles camera position, and performs a racast from the camera, propagating the Player resource with the data it gathers (what voxel is hit, distance, direction etc).
    Update Debug Text
        Updates the information held within the Debug screen (F3). Needs works, doesn't always need to run. 
    Update Hotbar
        Updates the hotbar with the currently selected voxel. 
    Update Inventory
        Updates the inventory screen based on the hotbar slot selected. Shows variants of the selected hotbar slot in an inventory screen above. 
    Update Identifier
        Updates the voxel identifier text that lies above the hotbar, handles it's fade according to a local timer. 
    Update Cursor 
        Handles the appearance of the cursor, which should appear as a "+" usually, but may appear as an "E" to indicate interactivity with a voxel. Also handles the pulsing color of the "E" when looking over an interactible voxel. Additionally handles the simulation speed indicator ui, changing its appearance. 
    Logic Event Handler 
        Handles the LogicEvent, updating the state of voxels according to the simulation. 
    Logic System
        Calculates the changes in logical voxels and handles the propagation of state through wires. 
    Update Emmissive
        Handles the change of a voxels emmissiveness due their state. 
    
    
TODO
    Add sounds
        changing hotbar slot 
        walking
    Inventory
        Make it display only implemented voxels 
    UI Transparency
        Voxel identifier is present on exit menu (it should not be). 
        Simulation Speed widget is present on exit menu(it should not be.) 
    WAILA
        UI element on the top of the screen that shows information about the voxel that is looked at, type, data contained etc. 
        
